#Starting a blog...

I remember in the late 90s when blogging was all the rage. During that time in my life, I would have probably laughed at the thought of blogging anything. Fast forward to today and blogs are still around, but many people have gravitated towards vlogs versus blogs. Like in the 90s, I could not see myself doing a vlog; however, here I am doing a blog. Maybe in the future I will have a vlog. 

Here we are though, me starting a blog. How did we get here? Without telling my life story (which I may get to if this blogging thing goes well),  I have been interested in a home lab for IT learning and experimentation. My current profession has been more focused on management and leadership, but I really miss the technical aspects of my work. In my previous role, I was a Software Integrator for VMware and Cisco products. I spent most of my days in the lab scripting, deploying and testing software releases. 

My current role is with the Federal Government and requires more oversight, management and leadership. My technical skills are super important and are what got me this position, however; my time has been split with less time to grow my technical skills. There is a lot of shake up occurring in the federal workforce currently. The current administration is focusing on “efficiency” for the federal workforce. What this has translated to is a lot of employees resigning or retiring and some being removed. With that in mind, I have been thinking about what other opportunities exist (although I want to continue my current service). 

So…in my quest to learn some new IT skills and expand skill set, I decided to start building a home lab. I know, what does starting a home lab have to do with starting a blog…? Well, during my home lab research (YouTube), I found a wonderful channel about Kubernetes home lab where one of his recommendations was to document the journey. This blog is my attempt to document said journey. If all goes well, this won’t be the last blog post, but the first of many. Wish me luck!
